Updated the filter policy (#1114)
AdguardTeam/AdguardKnowledgeBase: 01.general/05.adguard-filter-policy/docs.en.md

These equally apply to rules in all filters.

- Rules that often cause problems with the work of some websites will be deleted.

> - Website-specific rules will be added only if the website has sufficient traffic. Traffic is determined by open statistics (if available) or by other means, such as social media following. A website’s traffic is considered sufficient when it has 100 thousand visits per month. We will consider adding a rule for a website that's not that popular, but the final decision is up to the filters maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Website-specific rules will be added only if a website has sufficient traffic. Traffic is determined by open statistics (if available) or by other means, such as followers on social media. A website’s traffic is considered sufficient when it has 100 thousand visits per month. We will consider adding a rule for a website that's not that popular, but the final decision is up to the filter list maintainer.
```

Reviewer: тут и ниже

Author: Обе правки забрал.
